Add clustered documentation (#92)
StrataSource/Wiki: docs/entities/clustered/quick_start.md

---
title: Quick Start Guide
features:
    - USE_CLUSTERED
---
# Quick Start Guide

"I want an unmoving normal Source engine light, but better, and not slow"

> 1. Add a light or light_spot entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a light_rt or light_rt_spot entity
```

light_rt types should be used instead of the "old" style ones.

2. Set "Light mode" to "Specular"
3. Make sure the "Shadowed" spawnflag is UNCHECKED

> 4. Used Raidus and 50 percent scale KeyValues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set "Radius" and "50 percent scale" KeyValues to adjust the look and feel
```

5. For best results, use PBR textures with appropriate MRAOs and normal maps

![Keyvalues](images/basic_light1.png)

![Spawnflags](images/basic_light2.png)

"I want an expensive light that has fancy shadows or moves around"

> 1. Add a light or light_spot entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a light_rt or light_rt_spot entity
```

ditto

2. Set "Light mode" to "Static Bounce" (for mostly stationary) or "Fully Dynamic" (frequently moves)
3. Set "Initial Shadow Size" to somewhere around 5 to 7
4. Make sure the "Shadowed" spawnflag is CHECKED

> 5. Used Raidus and 50 percent scale KeyValues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Set "Radius" and "50 percent scale" KeyValues to adjust the look and feel
```
